To complete the download process, please read the following License
Agreement. Once you have read the Legal Agreement, please either accept
or decline it.

MIB Browser License Agreement (Personal Edition)

PLEASE READ CAREFULLY THROUGH THE FOLLOWING SOFTWARE LICENCE AGREEMENT.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, YOU MUST NOT
INSTALL OR USE THE PRODUCT, AND YOU DO NOT BECOME A LICENSEE UNDER THIS
AGREEMENT.

This free Personal Edition is intended exclusively for private use on a
single workstation. You may copy the complete program package and pass
it on to others for private use only.

The free Personal Edition may not be used for commercial or professional
purposes.

1. License Agreement. As used in this Agreement, "iReasoning" shall mean
iReasoning, Inc. iReasoning grants Licensee a non-exclusive and
non-transferable license to reproduce and use for personal purposes the
executable code version of the Product, provided any copy must contain
all of the original proprietary notices. This license does not entitle
Licensee to receive from iReasoning hard-copy documentation, technical
support, telephone assistance, or enhancements or updates to the
Product. iReasoning may terminate this Agreement at any time, for any
reason or no reason. iReasoning may also terminate this Agreement if
Licensee breaches any of its terms and conditions. Upon termination,
Licensee shall destroy all copies of the Product.

2. Restrictions. Without iReasoning's prior written consent, Licensee
may not: (i) modify or create any derivative works of the Product or
documentation, including customization, translation or localization;
(ii) decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer, or otherwise attempt to
derive the source code for the Product (except to the extent applicable
laws specifically prohibit such restriction); (iii) redistribute,
encumber, sell, rent, lease, sublicense, or otherwise transfer rights to
the Product; (iv) remove or alter any trademark, logo, copyright or
other proprietary notices, legends, symbols or labels in the Product; or
(v) publish any results of benchmark tests run on the Product to a third
party .

3. Fees. There is no license fee for the Product. If Licensee wishes to
receive the Product on media, there may be a small charge for the media
and for shipping and handling. Licensee is responsible for any and all
taxes.

4. Proprietary Rights. Title, ownership rights, and intellectual
property rights in the Product shall remain in iReasoning and/or its
suppliers. The Product is protected by copyright and other intellectual
property laws and by international treaties.

5. Disclaimer of Warranty. THE PRODUCT IS PROVIDED FREE OF CHARGE, AND,
THEREFORE, ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE WARRANTIES THAT IT IS FREE OF
DEFECTS, VIRUS FREE, ABLE TO OPERATE ON AN UNINTERRUPTED BASIS,
MERCHANTABLE, FIT FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGING. THIS
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY CONSTITUTES AN ESSENTIAL PART OF THIS AGREEMENT.
NO USE OF THE PRODUCT IS AUTHORIZED HEREUNDER EXCEPT UNDER THIS
DISCLAIMER.

6. Limitation of Liability. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY
APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL IREASONING OR ITS AFFILIATES OR
SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE
PRODUCT, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOST PROFITS, LOSS
OF GOODWILL, WORK STOPPAGE, COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, OR ANY AND
ALL OTHER COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY THEREOF, AND REGARDLESS OF THE LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY
(CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) UPON WHICH THE CLAIM IS BASED. IN ANY
CASE, IREASONINGï¿½S COLLECTIVE LIABILITY UNDER ANY PROVISION OF THIS
AGREEMENT SHALL NOT EXCEED IN THE AGGREGATE THE SUM OF THE FEES LICENSEE
PAID FOR THIS LICENSE (IF ANY). SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE
EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR SPECIAL DAMAGES,
SO THIS EXCLUSION AND LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

7. Export Control. Licensee agrees to comply with all export laws and
restrictions and regulations of the United States or foreign agencies or
authorities, and not to export or re-export the Product or any direct
product thereof in violation of any such restrictions, laws or
regulations, or without all necessary approvals. As applicable, each
party shall obtain and bear all expenses relating to any necessary
licenses and/or exemptions with respect to its own export of the Product
from the U.S. By installing or using the Product, Licensee agrees to the
foregoing and represents and warrants that it complies with these
conditions.

8. U.S. Government End-Users. The Product is a "commercial item," as
that term is defined in 48 C.F.R. 2.101 (Oct. 1995), consisting of
"commercial computer software" and "commercial computer software
documentation," as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R. 12.212 (Sept. 1995).
Consistent with 48 C.F.R. 12.212 and 48 C.F.R. 227.7202-1 through
227.7202-4 (June 1995), all U.S. Government End-Users acquire the
Product with only those rights set forth herein.

9. Miscellaneous. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement
between the parties concerning the subject matter hereof, and may be
amended only by a writing signed by both parties. This Agreement shall
be governed by the laws of the State of California, U.S.A., excluding
its conflict of law provisions. All disputes relating to this Agreement
are subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of California
and you expressly consent to the exercise of personal jurisdiction in
the courts of California in connection with any such dispute including
any claim involving iReasoning. This Agreement shall not be governed by
the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of
Goods. If any provision in this Agreement should be held illegal or
unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, such provision shall
be modified to the extent necessary to render it enforceable without
losing its intent, or severed from this Agreement if no such
modification is possible, and other provisions of this Agreement shall
remain in full force and effect. A waiver by either party of any term or
condition of this Agreement or any breach thereof, in any one instance,
shall not waive such term or condition or any subsequent breach thereof.
If any dispute arises under this Agreement, the prevailing party shall
be reimbursed by the other party for any and all legal fees and costs
associated therewith

Do you agree to the Software License Agreement?

